---
microblog_id: 1075987
url: "https://www.thingelstad.com/2007/11/21/i-made-a.html"
title: "I Made a Pie!"
published: "2007-11-21T06:00:00+00:00"
post_kind: post
categories: []
---

I made a pie! That's right! A whole pie, from scratch, the whole deal. I made the crust. I steamed the pumpkin. No canned pie filling here! I ground my own fresh nutmeg!

_The image originally associated with this post was lost when I deleted my Flickr account. I've searched but I do not have a copy of the photo in any of my archives. I believe I took it with the Flickr app on my iPhone and it didn’t save a copy to the Camera Roll. I deleted my Flickr account when Yahoo! bought them and didn’t realize I was "hot linking" some of those photos on my blog. My last hope was Internet Archive, but the Wayback Machine excluded Flickr photos from archival._ 😞

I realize that many people do this all the time without thinking of it. However, I have tried to make a pie crust before and if you haven't done it yourself try before you dismiss it. Rolling out that dough into a thin crust is tempting disaster. At any moment it may stick to the rolling pin and fold in on itself, like space collapsing in an episode of Star Trek. You may not get it quiet right and think you can just finagle it a little more here or there, and boom you have a torn wreck in front of you. I nearly lost this one at the end, trying to get fancy, and was able to save it and roll out enough dough to make it work.

The pie is baking right now. I'm so proud.
