---
microblog_id: 1786750
url: "https://www.thingelstad.com/2023/01/16/poap-as-a.html"
title: "POAP as a Business"
published: "2023-01-17T01:19:35+00:00"
post_kind: post
categories: ["Crypto", "POAP"]
---

POAP is more than just a fun crypto product, it is also a business. I put some brief thoughts together on what I thought would be a POAP product that I would pay for as both a collector and an issuer.

As a POAP collector, I would want to pay a relatively small monthly fee to be able to get cool information about my collection and display it well.

**POAP Collector** - $3/mo

- On-chain analytics, how close am I to POAP.eth via POAPs?
- Add annotation to each POAP so I can fill out the memory more.
- Notify me of POAP drops "around me"
- Notify me of any POAP Deliveries waiting for me.
- Credit for 1 mainnet migration a month.

Now, changing hats to the issuer side there are a whole different set of things. What if we just kept everything as is, but added a new POAP Pro level.

**POAP Pro** - $20/mo

- Issue POAP by email address, hide claim codes entirely from everyone.
- Collections/series of POAP.
- Integration with my analytics service, so embed my Phantom Analytics or other tracking code.
- Support for external identifiers in claim codes so I can embed an identifier to my systems.
- Post-claim redirect.
- Additional metadata added to each claim

I think you could then have a service to provide a "full service" experience for the issuer.

**POAP Studio** - $500/event, require Pro subscription

- White Label claim page
- Design services, POAP specific look
- Priority support, will hit your deadline
- Assistance with claim code distribution

And then you could turn both the Pro and Studio option into a subscription offering.

**POAP for Business** - $100/mo or $1,000/yr

- Everything in POAP Pro.
- 2 Studio events a year included.
- Would need something more.

And lastly, I think non-profits could be a really great avenue to get the word out about POAP. Aligning with non-profits would reach a very solid set of organizations that could benefit from POAP, and be a wonderful brand alignment with POAP itself. Make it super cheap or free for non-profits to use advanced POAP Pro and Studio capabilities.

**POAP for Non-Profits** - $20/mo or FREE

- PAOP Pro for free
- 1 Studio events a year
